>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory with
another special edition,
with our special
guest Ken Klein,
who is an author, filmmaker,
and a prophetic investigator.
And you know, I debated with
myself, do we do this show?
Because what you're going to
hear over the next 30 minutes
may scare the living
daylights out of you,
because it has to
do with Lucifer,
and it has to do with prophetic
times that we're in right now?
Maybe!
Ken Klein back on
"Beyond Belief."
Hi, Ken.
>> KEN KLEIN: Good
to be back with you.
>> NOORY: The devil, Lucifer.
>> KLEIN: Lucifer
>> NOORY: This fallen angel.
>> KLEIN: Absolutely.
>> NOORY: How did he fall out
of grace with the man upstairs?
>> KLEIN: Well, he was moved
from a cherubimic order
as an archangel over cherubim,
co-chaired with Gabriel,
to an office call the
morning star office.
That morning star
office oversaw how
the creation would
be put together.
And he rifled through the
codes of these creator angels
and started doing
his own twisted--
>> NOORY: His own thing.
>> KLEIN: His own thing.
And so because of that, it
started a war in our galaxy,
in the heavens, or
the Bible says heaven.
But in God's domain, there's
no wars, but in the universe
there's lots of wars.
There's lots of stuff going on
out there, but in our galaxy
he was principally responsible
for starting a war.
And this is explained
in Revelation 12.
And for that, he was--
had came before a court,
and they determined
that he would
have to leave his angel body,
magnificent thing, explained
in the book of Ezekiel, and
thrown down to the Earth,
and take on human form,
which he refused to do.
And so he's disembodied, as
we understand body-spirit,
that is trying to set up his
own government on this planet.
Today we call it
the New World Order.
>> NOORY: But he is here, now.
>> KLEIN: Oh, he's been
here for a long time.
>> NOORY: Did not want to come?
>> KLEIN: Well, no
he filed an appeal.
And that has not yet been heard.
And it's waiting.
>> NOORY: What happens
if he wins on appeal?
>> KLEIN: He won't
win on appeal.
>> NOORY: He won't?
>> KLEIN: There's too many
witnesses that are being set up
for this.
And he's not going win.
>> NOORY: It's like
a court of law.
>> KLEIN: It is a court of law.
And the witnesses
are us, actually.
>> NOORY: Huh!
>> KLEIN: We're going
to witness, in that,
we're going to be the witness.
We'll be the jury
and the witnesses.
And the judges will meet.
And there will be this case
that has to be heard, yet.
But it's called a Great
White Throne judgment.
And so he was thrown down, but
he still manages and maintains
the ability to create.
>> NOORY: Does he have
underlings with him?
>> KLEIN: When he fell,
he fell with the ophanim,
these creators, they were
judged along with him.
And they were sentenced
to a judgment, as well.
We'll do another show
on that, down the road,
if you want to, on their
involvement in the story.
But he still creates.
Cancer is a demonic creation.
It's a Luciferian creation.
And we all see that
all over the place.
>> NOORY: And evil and wars.
>> KLEIN: And wars.
>> NOORY: All this?
>> KLEIN: And we
get insight-- yes.
All that.
The war that was in
heaven has come to Earth,
and it's a manifestation of
what happened in the heavens,
and now on Earth.
And he pits us, one
against each other.
He's very skillful.
>> NOORY: Well, then he's done a
pretty darn good job at what he
does.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
And so these things
that we know about him
are expressed in the Book
of Revelation in codes.
He's a code maker.
Everything starts with a code.
We're learning about DNA,
which is a code about--
>> NOORY: It's a code.
>> KLEIN: It's a code.
I think a good way
to look at it is,
in World War II Hitler
used the Enigma code.
And it was cracked
by these cyphers
at Bletchley Park in England.
They broke the code,
and it was principally
why we were able to win the war.
And so what I've done
is cracked some codes
in the Book of
Revelation that have
to do with how he's been working
and dealing with what he's
trying to pull off
on this planet,
and has been doing
for some time.
And so my-- and I'm not
trying to push my book,
I'm just saying-- my book
is kind of like a game plan.
>> NOORY: Oh, no.
It's not a matter of pushing.
Let's let the world
know what it is.
>> KLEIN: It's a game.
You know when I played
pro ball, they'd
give us a scouting
report on our opponent.
And this is kind of like a
scouting report on Lucifer,
so we know how to deal with
him and what he's doing.
Because the average person
cannot see and break through
the codes.
And it took me a long
time to crack these codes,
and many years of
research and study.
And in the Book of Revelation,
we get insight into the codes
that God has put there
for us to understand.
But they're really
satanic codes.
>> NOORY: Are these like
the Bible codes, Ken?
>> NOORY: No, no, no, no.
No, not at all.
>> NOORY: This is different?
>> KLEIN: This is
totally different.
In the Book of Revelation, these
codes are explained as beasts.
Now they're not monsters,
but they're monstrous.
OK?
They're symbolic
representations of what
Lucifer's been doing,
and ultimately--
>> NOORY: And will do.
>> KLEIN: -- will do.
So the first code is a beast
that comes up out of the sea,
and it has seven
heads and ten horns.
Now there's no
counterpart on this earth
for anything like that.
So it's obviously representing
something that manifests.
But it manifests over
a long period of time.
And so you cannot detect it.
And so these seven
heads are explained
later on in the
Book of Revelation.
And so you get some
insight into it.
It says the seven heads
are seven mountains.
Now they're not
literal mountains.
A lot of expositors of prophecy
say, well, this is Rome.
This is the seven hills.
It's not dealing with Rome.
The seven heads are
seven mountains.
And the seven heads
are seven kings.
>> NOORY: Are there arguments
over the interpretation?
>> KLEIN: Absolutely.
They're seven kings,
because the scripture
itself says they're not literal
mountains, they're seven kings.
And then it goes on to
say, five have fallen,
one is, and one
is about to come.
And then there will come
an eighth out of the seven.
So you go like, whoa, this has
already messed up my brain.
I don't even know how to
begin to think about it.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> KLEIN: But when you
look back through history,
there's only one
way to look at this.
The first head was Egypt, which
was a world empire, Assyria
that came later,
Babylon came next,
the Medes and the Persians,
Iran, and then Greece.
Five have fallen.
By the time this
book was written--
>> NOORY: Was Rome
in there at all?
>> KLEIN: The five that were
fallen are the ones I just
mentioned-- Egypt, Assyria,
Babylon, Medo-Persia,
and Greece.
One is, which was the
one that was in existence
during the time of
John, which was Rome.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: That was
the sixth head.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> KLEIN: And then it says
there's one about to come.
Now most prophecy teachers say,
well, the one that's to come
is the Antichrist.
And I disagree with
it wholeheartedly,
because those heads are
mountains or kingdoms.
So the seventh
head is a kingdom.
Well, there's only
been one kingdom
since the fall of
the Roman Empire
that comes close to
answering what it would be,
and that was the British Empire.
Now we don't want to
thank disparagingly
about the place of
our mother tongue.
But England
controlled the world.
>> NOORY: Yes, it did.
>> KLEIN: They controlled China.
They controlled India.
The sun never set.
>> NOORY: But it began to wane.
>> KLEIN: The sun never
set on the British Empire.
And when the Founding Fathers
of this country came over here,
they were trying to
break out of the grip
of that beast, seventh head.
And you read the
Declaration of Independence,
and they're saying,
hey, the King
has done all these
atrocities on the high seas.
And so we're telling
the world why
we're declaring independence.
That's what it was about.
The Founding Fathers
were trying to break out
of the grip of the beast
at that-- they were trying
to do-- what can
you do about it?
This thing is so huge,
so big, so satanic
that it's pretty tough
to get away from it.
>> NOORY: When we read in
Revelation about the mark
of the beast, the 6-6-6, you
can not buy goods, or services,
or anything without that's
mark, what are we talking about
there, Ken?
What is that?
>> KLEIN: OK, well,
it's really interesting,
because there's a second
beast mentioned in Revelation,
and it's called
the false prophet.
Now people say, well,
that's the pope.
They make all these
wild speculations.
>> NOORY: That's the
Antichrist, right?
>> KLEIN: Well, no,
it's not the Antichrist.
John doesn't even
explain the Antichrist.
You know, it's mentioned
later in the Epistles.
>> NOORY: All right,
who's the false prophet?
>> KLEIN: The
false prophet are--
it says it looks like a
lamb, speaks like a dragon,
and he does three things.
>> NOORY: Symbolism, no doubt.
>> KLEIN: Yes, no doubt.
But a horn, in the Bible,
represents a king or a kingdom.
So this false prophet,
the word pseudoprophetes,
means he gives out
a false message.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: Looking like a
lamb is Christ-like looking.
So it has an external
appearance of--
>> NOORY: So it kind of
tricks you like that.
>> KLEIN: -- Christ,
but inwardly it's not.
It's something else.
And he has two horns.
So it's not about talking
about a man, here.
It's talking about two kings, or
two kingdoms that come together
that do three things.
It calls down fire from heaven.
Now remember, heaven, it's
not coming from God's domain,
it's coming from
the atmospheric air.
>> NOORY: Right.
But fire from heaven
could be a bomb?
>> KLEIN: We're talking about
military high-tech, here.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> KLEIN: It makes an
image that speaks--
and it's a little more
tricky to explain that.
But the third thing is
what you've mentioned.
It makes a mark without
which no one can buy or sell.
So we know something
about this second beast,
which is a code that has some
kind of time component to it.
That it appears at a time
when technological marvels are
manifesting, which would
be in the last 100 years.
>> NOORY: Yes, exactly.
And closer now.
>> KLEIN: Closer now.
So what about this
mark of the beast?
Now in the 1950s, right after
they figured out computers
from the Bletchley
Park thing-- that's
where the first computers ideas
started to come from-- they
figured out how to inventory
supermarket products.
And they came up with this thing
called the universal product
code.
>> NOORY: Yes.
>> KLEIN: The universal
product code--
>> NOORY: It saved the
supermarket industry.
>> KLEIN: It saved.
Because you can
imagine a guy going in
to count all the products
every day, what a nightmare.
>> NOORY: Gosh, I used
to remember, Kenny,
I would go grocery
shopping with my mother,
and the cash registers had
the amount of money on it,
for the buttons.
You know, so if it was $1,
or $0.50, so they hit that.
And every item she bought
had to be rung up separately.
>> KLEIN: Yes, exactly.
>> NOORY: You know,
sh-ding, sh-ding.
>> KLEIN: Right.
>> NOORY: You know, now it's
just, whoop, right through.
And I think we're going
to get to the point
where we don't even scan
those barcodes anymore.
You'll just take your
basket of groceries,
everything will have
a barcode on it,
and it'll be done like
that, the whole thing.
>> KLEIN: Well, this
started out rather benign.
It was just
basically like, let's
solve this problem
for the supermarket.
>> NOORY: Yeah, it sounded easy.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
So we don't have to
inventory every day,
we just know exactly
what was bought and sold.
And the way that
barcode is set up,
and we have a picture
on the screen,
there's two different
types of bars.
So there's bars that have
no numbers underneath them,
and they're rather long.
And the other ones are shorter
and they have numbers under.
>> NOORY: They have numbers.
And I've noticed that.
>> KLEIN: Yeah, but the computer
doesn't understand numeric
numbers.
It only understands--
>> NOORY: The code.
>> KLEIN: -- the
width of those bars.
And the widths are
different widths, lengths.
And those are, in those lines,
are what we call modules.
And they're based
upon 1's and 0's.
And so at astronomical
speed, when
you put a scanner
across it, it's
calculating these
codes at speeds
probably faster than
the speed of light.
And so basically, there's
two types of codes.
One that has data information.
And those are the shorter
bars with the numbers.
And the longer ones
actually operate
the scanner when it goes across.
And it just tells
the computer, begin
to pick up the data
information, now adjust,
pick up the next information.
And the last large
long one, shut it off.
So they basically trigger--
>> NOORY: And that
includes the price,
and everything else
in there, right?
>> KLEIN: On the left
side of that code,
and it's rather uniform,
right here, it's symmetrical,
is the manufacturer's ID number.
Let's just say it's Heinz.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> KLEIN: And on
the right side--
>> NOORY: Is the product.
>> KLEIN: -- is the product.
Ketchup.
>> NOORY: If Heinz has
62 different products,
they'd have--
>> KLEIN: Heinz ketchup.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> KLEIN: OK.
So that's what that code
was set up to design.
Now try to imagine how
the twistedness of Lucifer
could take that and use it to
inventory the whole human race.
>> NOORY: How would he do that?
>> KLEIN: What he would do
is, he would use the same
technology.
And instead of having a
manufacturer ID number there,
he would have, let's
say, the beginning
of a personal code for you.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: Let's suppose, OK,
every nation of the world has
a corporate ID number.
>> NOORY: Separately?
>> KLEIN: Separately.
Like India has its own ID
number, America is 110.
>> NOORY: And we'd have one.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
So your code would be
like, 110, and then they
go right to your area code.
They would have an area
computer facility in the area.
And mine is 541.
I'm in Oregon.
>> NOORY: OK.
And I would be either 818, or--
>> KLEIN: Yeah, you're
down in southern--
>> NOORY: If I'm in
Saint Louis, 314.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
And that would be where you're--
so this guy is in 110, 818.
>> NOORY: So you know right now
that he's in the United States,
and he's in southern California.
>> KLEIN: He's in Van Nuys.
>> NOORY: Yeah, he's right
around there, Sherman Oaks.
>> KLEIN: We know
where this guy is.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> KLEIN: And then you'd
have that middle long bar.
And it would say,
now we're going
to get his personal ID number.
It would be pegged to your
social security number.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: So they give
you all that data.
>> NOORY: And now we
know it's George, right?
>> KLEIN: And now we know it's
George, because we have his--
and when they want
to track you down,
when they do research on you,
they go through your phone
number to find you.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: So that's why
the area code is important.
So now all they have
to do is make sure
that this is given to everybody.
Now one thing I forgot
to say, or should say,
is that if you look
at this UPC code,
on the right side
of the code there's
some short numbers that
have 6's underneath them.
OK?
>> NOORY: 6's?
>> KLEIN: 6's.
There's two.
>> NOORY: Go figure, right?
>> KLEIN: Well, but what's
important to know about them is
that they're
basically plus 0 plus.
That's a 6 in the
right side 6's.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: But if you
look at those two,
they're the same widths as
the longer computer triggering
characters.
So even though there's no
numbers under the longer
characters, they're
configured after the number 6.
>> NOORY: Is there
a 6-6-6 coming here?
>> KLEIN: Well, that's
what I'm saying.
The long one on the left is a
6, the one in the middle is a 6,
and the one on the right is a 6.
So you have three 6's
that you can't see,
because there's no
numbers under it,
but in binary language, which is
pluses and 0's or 1's and 0's,
it's the number 6.
>> NOORY: Now how
bizarre can that be,
when Revelation has talked
about the three 6's?
>> KLEIN: It says-- and
it's this false prophet,
it's not the Antichrist
that does this.
It's the second
beast that does it.
It's one of the
great signs that's
given to him to do to help
control the world's populous.
>> NOORY: How would they
know this in prophecy?
I guess they would, huh?
>> KLEIN: I'm not sure he knew.
I think he might have been
told this, or saw this,
or an angel explained it to him.
But whether he could break
it down the way I'm doing it,
I doubt that very much,
because they didn't know.
>> NOORY: It was too
technical for them. yeah.
>> KLEIN: It was too technical.
But it's amazing that the
UPC code is run by three 6's
that trigger the computer
to pick up data information.
>> NOORY: Exactly.
>> KLEIN: Unbelievable.
So every person
would be given-- now
they can take this UPC code now
and shrink it down and put it
into a chip.
>> NOORY: Right.
>> KLEIN: And now they have
these things called RFID chips.
>> NOORY: Yes, that they
want to implant in us.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
And what these things do is
they give out a little signal.
It could even be laser tattooed,
that has a signal in it too,
or it could be a chip.
I don't know which
it's going to be.
But I do know that they're
talking about you're not
being able to have health care
unless you have this chip.
>> NOORY: Or anything.
>> KLEIN: Or anything.
You won't even be
able to buy or sell.
>> NOORY: Or bank.
>> KLEIN: Now think about
this for just a minute.
If you had-- now
think about this-- 91%
of all financial
transactions today
are with electronic money.
>> NOORY: All of them.
>> KLEIN: All but 9%.
>> NOORY: Cash is
going out the wayside.
>> KLEIN: Out the wayside.
So I'm wondering
if, how are they
going to bring this on to
where people will accept it?
Because there's too
many people like me
out there that are beginning
to get onto this stuff.
And they're going to say,
well, we won't do it.
Well, they'll be the
first people, probably,
that will be expunged.
>> NOORY: I mean, what do
you do when they say one day,
you have to have this chip.
It's not going to hurt you.
But you can't buy anything,
you can't sell anything.
>> KLEIN: And you
can't go to the doctor.
>> NOORY: You can't
go to the doctor.
You can't go to the bank.
>> KLEIN: Now think about this.
Think about all the people
coming across the border
down there in Texas,
Arizona, New Mexico.
How are you going
to control people?
Well, all you have
to do is give them--
>> NOORY: Chip them.
>> KLEIN: -- chip them.
And you know exactly who's who.
And you can cut down
on illegal immigration.
You can cut down
on the world slave
trade of prostituting these
little girls that get caught.
Because that's
all cash business.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> KLEIN: You could
cut down on the--
>> NOORY: Well, that's a good
thing, getting rid of all that.
>> KLEIN: But this
is a way to sell it.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
Oh, I see what you mean.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
>> NOORY: Make it sound good.
>> KLEIN: Yeah, absolutely.
How are you going to
get people-- by the way,
you know, we're going to have
a perfect tax system down.
We know how to tax you exactly.
You get rid of
the counterfeiting
trade, which is huge.
You get rid of so many
things that are criminal,
because you have a system,
now, that can be imposed,
where we know
everything about you.
Yes, you have to
give up some freedom,
but we can get rid
of a lot of crime.
We can control the borders.
>> NOORY: And if we
don't know about you,
these people can't
function in society.
>> KLEIN: That's right.
And think about the terrorists.
They function on cash.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
>> KLEIN: I mean, the people
that took out the World Trade
Center, at least from
what we can see--
>> NOORY: From what we can see.
>> KLEIN: Yeah, used cash.
That's how they did it.
Well, no more cash.
We'll know exactly
who-- who's who.
You won't have to go through
the electronic machine
at the airport anymore.
What a pain.
>> NOORY: So let's assume
all this is correct,
this is all real, you've
read this correctly.
You've interpreted it correctly.
Where is that taking
us with Lucifer?
>> KLEIN: Well.
>> NOORY: Where's
the connection?
>> KLEIN: His plan is
to control the world.
That's what-- That everything
would be-- It's almost
like he's the
pharaoh of the world,
that he wants to be the
grand poo-bah of it all.
>> NOORY: And he needs
this technology to do it?
>> KLEIN: Yeah, he
needs three things.
He needs to make a play for
the world's money, which
this would do.
This system would
eliminate money,
it will eliminate
gold and silver,
it will eliminate currency.
This is electronic money
that's all trackable.
They know every financial
transaction you made,
then perfectly tax you.
It's the perfect system to
control things economically.
No more fiat currencies.
Every nation now is
manipulating their currency.
It's a race to the bottom.
And there will be an
end to fiat currencies.
Now whether this
comes on immediately,
or whether there's
a new world currency
after the Chinese money, or the
Russian money, I don't know.
I don't know the answer to that.
It's like, that's an
academic question.
Or whether it's plunges us into
a depression where they come up
with this whole idea that they
already know about, you know,
out of chaos comes order, that's
their whole plan, I don't know.
We'll have to wait and see.
But I predict there's going
to be a depression and a world
banking collapse.
And it could happen shortly.
>> NOORY: Right.
I think you're right, there.
>> KLEIN: Yeah, I think
it could happen shortly.
>> NOORY: All
signs of the devil?
>> KLEIN: Yeah, all signs of the
devil, a manipulator of mammon,
which is the riches
of this world.
And it goes all the way
back to the Bank of England
that set the whole
concept of fiat currency.
>> NOORY: What
does Lucifer want?
What's the end game?
>> KLEIN: He wants
to be worshipped.
He wants to supplant worship
from the true God to himself.
And that way, prove
that, part of how
he would prove in
the appellate court
that he didn't do
anything to wrong.
>> NOORY: Is God going
to let this happen?
>> KLEIN: It's going
to proliferate.
It's going to get really bad.
And only the coming of Christ
is going to stop anything.
And it can't be
stopped by humans.
>> NOORY: How will we know
if there's a Second Coming,
who that is and that it's real?
>> KLEIN: Well, there,
I think in my studies,
that there has to be a
third Jewish temple built.
A third Jewish temple
has to be built.
>> NOORY: In Jerusalem?
>> KLEIN: In Jerusalem.
Now whether the Jews force
it to be on the Temple Mount,
which is possible, or whether
they buy, what I'm saying--
>> NOORY: Now, they're not going
to knock down the Temple Mount,
right?
To build a third one?
Or would they?
>> KLEIN: Who knows?
They're getting pretty violent.
I mean, look what
they're doing just today.
They're probably invading
Gaza as I'm speaking.
They're getting to the
point where they're not
going to be pushed around by
the United States not supporting
them.
They're just taking things
into their own hands.
I don't know what
they're going to do.
This remains to be seen.
>> NOORY: Nobody does.
>> KLEIN: Or whether they
accept the fact that the temple
doesn't go where they think, and
it goes on the southeast ridge.
>> NOORY: And you believe
it should go someplace else?
>> KLEIN: Southeast ridge
is where it belongs,
right over the Gihon Springs.
My film, this film that I
just shot there, proves it,
I think, beyond a
shadow of a doubt.
>> NOORY: How big would a
temple like this have to be?
Huge?
>> KLEIN: Well, no.
Well, the actual
dimensions of it
are-- I can't remember
the actual cubits--
but it would fit on that
southeast ridge, which
is only about 600 feet across.
>> NOORY: OK.
And what would the significance
of building a third temple be?
>> KLEIN: Because the
Romans destroyed it in 70.
And they've been lamenting over
this for thousands of years.
And they think, well,
we're not quite home yet
until our temple's back.
>> NOORY: They haven't
had one since 70 AD?
>> KLEIN: That's right.
>> NOORY: All right.
>> KLEIN: And there's a
lot of explanation for why
that's been.
But they were thrown into the
wilderness of the Gentiles,
as explained in the prophets.
And so the Jews were
dispersed over all the planet.
They started coming back at
the turn of last century.
And then in 1948, you know,
Israel was born in a day.
And there's been nothing but
this two-state idea for Israel,
which is the official
policy of the United
States and the world.
But it's wrong.
>> NOORY: All right, so let's
say the temple gets built.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
>> NOORY: A lot of people who
deal with prophecy are going
to go crazy, aren't they?
>> KLEIN: Yes.
But that temple will be defiled.
Because, remember,
Lucifer's judgment
was to vacate his angel body.
And he'll be forced
into a human body.
Now that sounds like
transcendental and wild.
>> NOORY: So a human will
literally be Lucifer?
Right?
>> KLEIN: Yes.
There will be a
physical manifestation
of Lucifer controlling
a human body.
And he will go into
that rebuilt temple.
>> NOORY: Will we
know it's Lucifer?
Probably not.
>> KLEIN: If you're listening
to this broadcast, you will.
>> NOORY: You will.
But if you're not?
>> KLEIN: If you're
not, you might not know.
And he'll proclaim
himself to be God.
And Paul, the epistle
of Thessalonians,
he wrote that he'll going
to the temple of God,
which means it
has to be rebuilt,
proclaiming himself to be God.
And that will be
like, OK, that's it.
Now things are really
going to get nasty.
>> NOORY: So this
human-type devil--
>> KLEIN: Yes.
>> NOORY: -- will
proclaim to be God.
>> KLEIN: That's right.
>> NOORY: I would guess right
now, Ken-- in the temple--
I would guess, right, that
if anybody stood up and said,
I'm God, people would say, uh,
he needs to be taken to a home
for the insane.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
>> NOORY: Right?
>> NOORY: Won't they do that?
>> KLEIN: I would think so.
But I don't know how this
is all going to play.
But I know there
has to be a temple,
and I know there has to be
a defiling of that temple
by the Antichrist, because
Satan, Lucifer, has
to eventually take
on a human body.
That's the judgment.
>> NOORY: Will you know if this
happens during your lifetime,
that that's Lucifer?
>> KLEIN: There's a good chance
that that'll-- it'll happen
in my lifetime.
But who knows when the Jews
are going to come around
to putting that temple up there?
>> NOORY: Without the
temple, not gonna happen.
>> KLEIN: Not gonna happen.
>> NOORY: OK.
>> KLEIN: That's
why it's important.
Now the book of Ezekiel
talks about a temple, too.
But I don't think
it's the same temple
that Revelation
is talking about.
The Revelation temple is
the one Lucifer, Satan,
as the Antichrist goes into.
That's the Revelation temple.
>> NOORY: You've come a long
way since you were catching
footballs, when it
comes to this, huh?
>> KLEIN: Listen, man, I
don't-- I mean, it's been agony.
I mean, football was
tortuous physically.
This has been tortuous mentally,
to go through all of this,
to put this all together.
But it's been worth it all.
>> NOORY: Could you be wrong
in any of your subjective
hypotheses?
>> KLEIN: Well, you know,
religious people don't want
to admit they're ever wrong.
I mean, that's
why we have dogma.
That's why we have
false doctrine.
I mean, people today
think that Jesus
is going to walk through the
Eastern Gate of the Haram.
And I go, try to
tell them about where
I think the temple
is going to go,
and they'll say
I'm an antichrist,
or I'm a false prophet.
>> NOORY: They'll
say that about you?
>> KLEIN: Oh, yeah.
They won't back off from the--
>> NOORY: I'm sitting
with the Antichrist?
>> KLEIN: No, no.
They will make
all-- I have caught
more heat for what I say.
So that's a good sign that
I'm on the right track.
>> NOORY: Did you slip a
RFID chip in me, or anything?
>> KLEIN: I don't think there's
any question there's going
to be a mark of the beast that's
based upon the UPC code that is
shrunk down to either a
tattoo that gives off--
>> NOORY: I think
you're absolutely right.
>> KLEIN: Yeah.
I don't see how you
can change that.
>> NOORY: The question
is, can we fight it,
or do we have to accept it?
You know, a lot of people
say, I'm not going to take it.
How many people have taken
a social security number,
because without it
you can't get a job.
>> KLEIN: That's right.
>> NOORY: You can't function.
>> NOORY: They're going
to do the same thing.
They're going to say folks,
here's the new technology.
>> KLEIN: You know the thing
of it is, it's all about like,
what are you willing to die for?
What do you believe?
I mean, I look at the guys that
fought in World War II, man,
they're my heroes.
I went to Arlington Cemetery
and I looked at these guys
that, 18, 19, 20 years
old, that laid down
their life so I
could have freedom.
I'm going, these guys
believed in America.
>> NOORY: My dad
was one of them.
>> KLEIN: And my dad
fought in World War II.
And I look at these
guys and went,
we don't respect
their sacrifice.
And like, so what
am I willing to put
on the line for what I believe?
So when it comes down to this,
it's about life and death.
>> NOORY: I don't think someone
is going to give up their life
to oppose an RFID chip.
>> KLEIN: There's probably a
lot of people that will take it.
I, for one, am ready to go.
I've made my peace with--
like Gary Sinese did in--
>> NOORY: You won't--
you want take it?
You won't take the chip?
>> KLEIN: No way.
You can take off my head, like
the Arabs do with, you know,
the Shiites that
they're killing down.
I'm not going that route.
Because that's really
the line in the sand.
That's the line in
the sand, that we'll
know who's who based
upon that decision.
And I think it's coming
pretty soon, especially
if we see, as Legard says,
a new world currency reset.
>> NOORY: Yeah.
And we're going to see that too.
Ken, if people want
more information
on what you do, how
do they find you?
>> KLEIN: They can go to my
website, kenklein-- k-l-e-i-n--
productions-- plural,
productions.net.
I think if you Google my name,
I'm all over the internet,
k-l-e-i-n.
Ken Klein I think,
click on there,
and it will take you
right to my website.
>> NOORY: I'm going to
watch things unfold.
I'm going to see
how right you are.
>> KLEIN: OK,
that's fair enough.
>> NOORY: All right, thank you.
Ken Klein.
>> KLEIN: Thanks, so much.
>> NOORY: This has been another
edition of "Beyond Belief."
And like I said, it
was a scarier portion.
Because, would you get an
RFID chip implanted in you
if they said, you must in order
to buy goods and services?
Think about that for a
moment, because the time
will come where you're going
to have to make up your mind.
I'm George Noory, and
this is "Beyond Belief."
[THEME  MUSIC]